Stg 10oct (#346)
GovTechSG/techpass-user-docs: docs/whats-new/staging-release-notes.md

# Staging release notes

## October 2024

**09 October 2024**
Frontend version: 1.0.0-20241007.0904 | Backend version: 1.140.0-20241008.1336

| Type   | Change | Description  |
|---|---|---|
| **Fix** | `List existing-users` not returning users with mixed case emails | Resolved an issue where the `List existing-users` API failed to return users if their email addresses contained mixed case letters. |

> | **Fix** | Webhook `challengeToken` URL encoding issue | Fixed issues with the URL encoding for `challengeToken`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Fix** | Webhook endpoint verification error | Fixed an error in webhook verification caused by issues with URL encoding |
```

> | **Fix** | Webhook endpoint verification error | Fixed an error in webhook verification caused by issues with URL encoding |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Fix** | Webhook endpoint verification error | Fixed an error in webhook verification caused by issues with URL encoding. |
```
